the film was like mouth talk to make the
beauty of this scene bringing more
gameplay for you is already bringing a
fashion tip for you guys is just
you can see that it will not be a
so drawn currency is not connected that is
a fashion tip on a mission for whom
do not take the map I have trouble
you can get your furniture on and
reminding everyone there is online now
starting to improve in games there more
playing with that dsb r10 control
controls remembering that the link gives
discount is on the boys description
Let's go in haste to face Alex.
Borges xbox 360 ps4 and let's get to
fuck in that fucking thing and it also remembers the
ps management is seeing there and up
pre-sale nobel attract make mix
Let's go in a hurry, stop.
remembering that he took two excuses
We are right there.
there already to be guaranteed in the
I want to thank everyone here for purchasing the
control of the ten they occupy is norman tamo
together then guys you'll see
this initial mapping or here we go
the best way for you to get abc
on this map you are positioning yourself in this
corridor xiii is on
You guys when you positioning yourself
There you have to be connected to the mini map.
right has to be I'm playing just me
I'm playing in bauru with nobody.
have to stay connected on the mini map you
You have to know one more
little bit of back on
Minimum points on me your enemies
they're there if you have everyone jumping
direct responses foe you on the side
left on vice versa stops at
mind but connect the neighborhood is crazy
then the farm because otherwise isaiah
neighborhood dealer take him in the ass and
bona for the medley is
very small and also delegated and always
the farm positioning itself can see that
I take one end of a glance on and
never stand still no lerdão not
I hope to get to Paris and not connected
always positioning himself as a moneylender
The team connected, they advanced there.
take a look around and have a look around
there and it's always like this and moving
you have to take
be careful because it has that value in the sock.
Casquero can also share
Achadinha he catch you
This is where you have to stay connected since
You look at anyone connected to us.
the enemy is knocking up there is no
no one around here is a victory for
list on you already see that there is no one
in the rubbish and let's go up there that is
a school from every can connected to love
a year up then you have to go in
in activity on the bagulho
you can see only in the b fifth of the heron 9º
bec on stuff and working but not
they took the guy did not die but I scored
in the river the law itself species do not accept
a shot on it was ticking it's on
so I had already bought it to go back
So I got here in the neighborhood playing there.
her mouth free on the dock and killed her on
then'm just I'm on response
each country and what I 'm going to do I 'm going to stay
here only but no longer answer this here
You can see that I already did the piece of bush in
three planes are doing there the drool that
invaded then always invades the back
switched on
Then I answered , I will change here, I will.
do I take the subway through the door part
there because that backing to the main league
low on then let's go down there
who love to climb here will stay the
activities that source saying and then I
I was playing, I listened to Carlos.
the step of girl and it will go through
under the Walloon y'know that's it has
who stay in the activity so since I
then we got over here have to stay
in the activity there always giving notices goes
adapt on how to get here
There I blinded animals and a drop shot the
short he also in the bag he got the
guy over there can see that the guy was also
again on the bottom was there it's on
so you have to look from the mother but the
majority did for those who are starting to
get a rebound and a tour but
told how the game was dead there in the
then it's always on the
activity is also inactivity.
Do you answer a nanny to the
karnak the guy got to come from underneath
He almost killed me.
But I did not want to be tempted by luck.
to see if he kills me or're not connected
so I stepped on my foot
this was the top part to show
gameplay that I got gives up on staying
there for a lot of things but it was already
seeing everybody behind me then
I got my foot right there, so let's go
wait for a boring because it was him who
I was missing a little time there but not
I thought I'd take the street of the coin and
then rush through the map and
even if not light not neutral chan was
denied
michelle is going to bunny and catching cute
good the old this guy is dry and wants me
kill
He thought I was going to continue after
to have been connected to hitting again or
the mateiral has just been born because I
brought her back from the championship behind
of the neighborhood la
I'll go here for him
on the sound card but the control of the
10th zpol of the farm told leave out
you already got everything good he can see now
the scoreboard showing that shape is
The good thing is, you guys are picking species.
in this cake you get practically
problem or armored you are not hit
for proof that you in public life and
you're not hit by the phone 41
noise then I've heard the guy in the file
turkey 1 through the radar portal there by shipping
of the letters arrived already I got the mob
So these guys are waiting for you guys.
Enjoy this tip, you already lived
open the fuck that people will
continue to capture well the way you
You know but the stop that is small
call the person who is starting
now that he is having difficulty in
then the farm together with the
stuff we attack those animals
inside lycra we talked about reading to
Crazy